TOPIC
    about_PSCMContentMgmt

SHORT DESCRIPTION
    An overview of the PSCMContentMgmt module.

LONG DESCRIPTION
    Distribution Points are undoubtedly the most common site system type
    to install on servers at remote sites. 

    This module aims to help you manage them by giving you functions to:
        
        * Query distribution points and distribution point groups, and identify
        what content objects are distributed to them
        * Compare distributed content objects between two distribution points 
        or distribution point groups
        * Redistribute or distribute content objects returned by this module 
        to other distribution points or distribution point groups
        * Invoke the DP content library cleanup tool
        * Export and import .pkgx files
        * Find any object with any given Configuration Manager ID

    Several of the functions in this module are wrappers for cmdlets
    in the Configuration Manager module. PSCMContentMgmt does not attempt to
    reinvent the wheel from these cmdlets, but instead provide a simpler
    workflow for managing distribution points and their content.

    The simple workflow offers you:
    
        * Pipeline support so you can easily progress through the motions
        for tasks such as querying content on a distribution point
        and distributing it to another, or finding all content objects
        which failed to distribute and initiate a redistribution
        * Consistent property names when dealing with different types of
        content objects
        * Provide functionality which the Configuration Manager module does
        not provide (e.g. content redistribution or import .pkgx files)

    Where any of the functions return an object with the property `ObjectID`, 
    it will always return `PackageID` for all content objects 
    (Packages, Driver Packages, Boot Images etc) except for 
    Applications/Deployment Types where the `CI_ID` is always retrieved. 
    This enables you to have a property ready to use for Applications with 
    any of the cmdlets from the Configuration Manager module.

    The Configuration Manager module notoriously returns generic error messages
    (if any) for most of its cmdlets/functions. Since this module is mostly
    nothing more than a wrapper for most cmdlets/functions, I just forward
    those messages on to you so please bear that in mind.

    To find out more information on how to use this module with the above
    features described, see the MORE HELP section below.
    
MORE HELP
    For more help on how to use all capaibilities of this module, run:

    Get-Help about_PSCMContentMgmt*
    