TOPIC
    about_PSCMContentMgmt_ExportImport

SHORT DESCRIPTION
    An overview of the functions in PSCMContentMgmt used for managing
    distribution point .pkgx files.

LONG DESCRIPTION
    Being able to quickly and easily export distribution point content
    to .pkgx files can help you in several ways.

    For example, it may be an ideal solution to migrating content from
    one distribution point to another when comissioning a new server. 
    Ideally, a pull distribution point would be configured for this sort
    of task. However these functions offer you an alternative method
    if you are unable to use pull distribution points.

    Another example is that you could easily export your distribution point 
    content to .pkgx for disaster recovery or troubleshooting needs. 

COMMANDS
    * Export-DPContent
        Exports a distribution point's content to .pkgx in a given folder.

        This function requires the Configuration Manager module to be available
        locally. At the time of writing this, there's no other way to get
        the module other than installing the Configuration Manager console.

        While you could run this remotely from the distribution point of which
        you want to export content from, it's likely you actually want to run
        it localhost to the distribution point and save the content either
        locally or on another system nearby.

    * Import-DPContent
        Imports previously exported content (.pkgx files).

        This function requires the Configuration Manager module to be available
        locally. At the time of writing this, there's no other way to get
        the module other than installing the Configuration Manager console.

        Unlike Export-DPContent, this cannot be executed remotely. This must
        be ran localhost to the distribution point of which you intend to
        import content to.
        
        This is because is invokes ExtractContent.exe to unpack the .pkgx
        files and import the decompressed content directly in to the
        content library.

        Since this function invokes ExtractContent.exe, the calling shell or
        script must be elevated. This is a requirement for ExtractedContent.exe.

    * Set-DPAllowPrestagedContent
        A simple wrapper to configure a distribution point to only
        accept content from prestaged (.pkgx) files. 
        
        This is the same as the check box "Enable this distribution point
        for prestaged content" in a distribution point's properties within
        console.
        
        If you are cautious about sending content across the WAN from your
        site server's content library, this is an important step when intending
        to use Import-DPContent after Start-DPContentDistribution.
