TOPIC
    about_PSCMContentMgmt_Query

SHORT DESCRIPTION
    An overview of the functions in PSCMContentMgmt to query distribution 
    points and distribution point groups.

LONG DESCRIPTION
    PSCMContentMgmt contains functions to help you find distribution points
    and distribution point groups in your sites. Functions are also available
    to query what content objects are distributed to them.

    Where any of the functions return an object with the property ObjectID, or
    where a parameter is named -ObjectID, it will always be the PackageID for 
    all content objects (Packages, Driver Packages, Boot Images etc) except for
    Applications/Deployment Types where it is CI_ID. This enables you to have a
    property ready to use for Applications with any of the cmdlets from the 
    Configuration Manager module.

COMMANDS
    * Find-CMObject
        This is useful if you are reviewing a Configuration Manager log file,
        and you want to easily know what object an ID resolve to.

        The function accepts a parameter -ID where any arbitrary Configuration 
        Manager ID can be passed to it, and it will return any matching objects
        associated with the ID. 
        
        For example, you can pass an ID type of PackageID, CI_ID or ModelID.
        The function will search a series of WMI classes on your site server
        to find a matching object.

    * Get-DP
        Search for distribution point by name in your site. % wildcard
        supported.

    * Get-DPContent
        Query the content objects distributed to distribution point(s).

    * Get-DPGroup
        Search for distribution point groups by name in yoru site. % wildcard
        supported.

    * Get-DPGroupContent
        Query the content objects distributed to distribution point group(s).

    * Get-DPDistributionStatus
        Query the status of all content objects distributed to a distribution
        point.

    * Compare-DPContent
        Compares the content objects distributed between two distribution
        points, and returns those which are missing from the target
        distribution point compared to the source distribution point.

    * Compare-DPGroupContent
        Compares the content objects distributed between two distribution
        point groups, and returns those which are missing from the target
        distribution point group compared to the source distribution point
        group.
